README.md, before:

# 70 Projects In 70 Days - HTML, CSS & JavaScript

70+ mini web projects using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.

[See all projects on CodePen](https://codepen.io/collection/DKLgmm?grid_type=grid&sort_by=item_created_at)

|  #  | Project                                                                                                                               | Live Demo                                                |
| :-: | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| 01  | [Expanding Cards](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/01-expanding%20cards)                             | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/qBaMWjE)  |
| 02  | [Progress Steps](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/02-progress%20steps)                               | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/VwKGzzg)  |
| 03  | [Rotating Navigation Animation](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/03-rotating%20navigation)           | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/jOMvZqY)  |
| 04  | [Hidden Search Widget](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/04-hidden%20search%20widget)                 | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/mdrzdPB)  |
| 05  | [Blurry Loading](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/05-blurry%20loading)                               | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/WNGaNgB)  |
| 06  | [Scroll Animation](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/06-scroll%20animation)                           | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/JjRmoWL)  |
| 07  | [Split Landing Page](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/07-split%20landing%20page)                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/KKgGdmY)  |
| 08  | [Form Wave](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/08-form%20wave%20animation)                             | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/Exgdegm)  |
| 09  | [Sound Board](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/09-sound%20board)                                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/oNzaPQa)  |
| 10  | [Dad Jokes](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/10-dad%20jokes)                                         | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/gOwBQZK)  |
| 11  | [Event Keycodes](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/11-event%20KeyCodes)                               | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/zYKmypd)  |
| 12  | [FAQ Collapse](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/12-FAQ%20collapse)                                   | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/ExgdqWm)  |
| 13  | [Random Choice Picker](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/13-random%20choice%20picker)                 | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/eYdQgqN)  |
| 14  | [Animated Navigation](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/14-animated%20navigation)                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/KKgrWGz)  |
| 15  | [Incrementing Counter](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/15-incrementing%20counter)                   | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/qBaQmeW)  |
| 16  | [Drink Water](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/16-drink%20water)                                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/yLaQoJy)  |
| 17  | [Movie App](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/17-movie%20app)                                         | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/mdrabXd)  |
| 18  | [Background Slider](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/18-background%20slider)                         | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/OJRrVbJ)  |
| 19  | [Theme Clock](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/19-theme%20clock)                                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/MWjZrZy)  |
| 20  | [Button Ripple Effect](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/20-button%20ripple%20effect)                 | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/oNzJdWw)  |
| 21  | [Drag N Drop](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/21-drag%20n%20drop)                                   | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/RwGEyme)  |
| 22  | [Drawing App](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/22-drawing%20app)                                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/wvzREMx)  |
| 23  | [Kinetic Loader](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/23-kinetic%20loader)                               | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/JjRwVLW)  |
| 24  | [Content Placeholder](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/24-content%20placeholder)                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/ExgGzaX)  |
| 25  | [Sticky Navbar](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/25-sticky%20navigation)                             | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/VwKqJmw/) |
| 26  | [Double Vertical Slider](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/26-double%20vertical%20slider)             | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/wvzNwqB)  |
| 27  | [Toast Notification](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/27-toast%20notification)                       | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/YzGBNgW)  |
| 28  | [GitHub Profiles](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/28-github%20profiles)                             | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/GRjzmVR)  |
| 29  | [Double Click Heart](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/29-double%20click%20heart)                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/XWjOaOK)  |
| 30  | [Auto Text Effect](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/30-auto%20text%20effect)                         | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/JjRxrbM)  |
| 31  | [Password Generator](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/31-password%20generator)                       | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/rNMRvWb)  |
| 32  | [Good Cheap Fast](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/32-good%20cheap%20fast)                           | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/QWKoxwP)  |
| 33  | [Notes App](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/33-notes%20app)                                         | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/qBavQog)  |
| 34  | [Animated Countdown](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/34-animated%20countdown)                       | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/vYXPbYW)  |
| 35  | [Image Carousel](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/35-image%20carousel)                               | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/zYKbQZK)  |
| 36  | [Hoverboard](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/36-hoverboard)                                         | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/OJRqYKK)  |
| 37  | [Pokedex](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/37-pokedex)                                               | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/gOwygyP)  |
| 38  | [Mobile Tab Navigation](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/38-mobile%20tab%20navigation)               | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/eYdoexM)  |
| 39  | [Password Strength Background](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/39-password%20strength%20background) | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/YzGMYzz)  |
| 40  | [3D Background Boxes](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/40-3d%20boxes%20background)                   | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/zYKXpBe)  |
| 41  | [Verify Account UI](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/41-verify%20account%20UI)                       | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/KKgYZWR)  |
| 42  | [Live User Filter](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/42-live%20user%20filter)                         | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/OJRGzjg)  |
| 43  | [Feedback UI Design](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/43-feedback%20UI%20design)                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/PoGgEOm)  |
| 44  | [Custom Range Slider](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/44-custom%20range%20slider)                   | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/WNGBrjZ)  |
| 45  | [Netflix Mobile Navigation](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/45-netflix%20mobile%20navigation)       | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/NWRVxgv)  |
| 46  | [Quiz App](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/46-quiz%20app)                                           | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/PoGvZEW)  |
| 47  | [Testimonial Box Switcher](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/47-testimonial%20box%20switcher)         | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/ExgzPRz)  |
| 48  | [Random Image Feed](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/48-random%20image%20generator)                  | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/eYdaJQx)  |
| 49  | [Todo List](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/49-todo%20list)                                         | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/eYdaJoo)  |
| 50  | [Insect Catch Game](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/50-insect%20catch%20game)                       | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/oNzRbKx)  |
| 51  | [Video Background](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/51-video%20background)                           | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/oNYNLwL)  |
| 52  | [Portfolio with CSS Grid](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/52-portfolio%20grid)                      | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/MWbKzzO)  |
| 53  | [Touch Slider](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/53-touch%20slider)                                   | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/QWGEyLK)  |
| 54  | [CSS Loaders](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/54-css%20loaders)                                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/QWGdgaZ)  |
| 55  | [Glass Dashboard](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/55-glass%20dashboard)                             | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/oNYpQMo)  |
| 56  | [Image Comparison Slider](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/56-image%20comparison%20slider)           | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/RwoMLYW)  |
| 57  | [Parallax Background with SVG](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/57-parallax%20background%20svg)      | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/vYyjjbz)  |
| 58  | [3D Product Card](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/58-3D%20product%20card)                           | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/wvoXWPq)  |
| 59  | [Form Validator](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/59-form%20validator)                               | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/MWbPJjb)  |
| 60  | [Movie Seat Booking](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/60-movie%20seat%20booking)                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/xxRQEOy)  |
| 61  | [Custom Video Player](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/61-custom%20video%20player)                   | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/mdOQadY)  |
| 62  | [Exchange Rate Calculator](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/62-exchange%20rate%20calculator)         | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/abBPJBG)  |
| 63  | [DOM Array Methods](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/63-DOM%20array%20methods)                       | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/NWbeXYR)  |
| 64  | [Menu Slider & Modal](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/64-menu%20slider%20modal)                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/MWbLeKd)  |
| 65  | [Hangman Game](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/65-hangman%20game)                                   | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/MWbLEYr)  |
| 66  | [Meal Finder](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/66-meal%20finder)                                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/dyOagYE)  |
| 67  | [Expense Tracker](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/67-expense%20tracker)                             | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/OJbqyro)  |
| 68  | [Music Player](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/68-music%20player)                                   | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/LYbaZNG)  |
| 69  | [Infinite Scroll Posts](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/69-infinite%20scroll%20posts)               | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/qBqvyEB)  |
| 70  | [Typing Game](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/70-typing%20game)                                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/wvoOQvq)  |
| 71  | [Speech Text Reader](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/71-speech%20text%20reader)                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/QWGPLVM)  |
| 72  | [Memory Cards](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/72-memory%20cards)                                   | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/oNYOqjv)  |
| 73  | [Lyrics Search App](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/73-lyrics%20search%20app)                       | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/ExNzPKV)  |
| 74  | [Relaxer App](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/74-relaxer%20app)                                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/wvobMzE)  |
| 75  | [Breakout Game](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/75-breakout%20game)                                 | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/oNYrNKj)  |
| 76  | [New Year Countdown](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/76-new%20year%20countdown)                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/rNWEaBb)  |
| 77  | [Sortable List](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/77-sortable%20list)                                 | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/qBqzEdO)  |
| 78  | [Speak Number Guessing Game](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/78-speak%20number%20guessing%20game)   | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/jOVjEre)  |

This repository is mostly based on 2 courses by Brad Traversy (2020):

- [50 Projects In 50 Days - HTML, CSS & JavaScript](https://www.udemy.com/course/50-projects-50-days/)
- [20 Web Projects With Vanilla JavaScript](https://www.udemy.com/course/web-projects-with-vanilla-javascript/)

The other projects are from various YouTube channels:

- Brad Traversy - [Traversy Media](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC29ju8bIPH5as8OGnQzwJyA)
- Shaun Pelling - [The Net Ninja](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCW5YeuERMmlnqo4oq8vwUpg)
- Simo Edwin - [Dev Ed](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClb90NQQcskPUGDIXsQEz5Q)
- Gary Simon - [DesignCourse](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVyRiMvfUNMA1UPlDPzG5Ow)

Commit message:

add creative agency home section

README.md, after:

# 70 Projects In 70 Days - HTML, CSS & JavaScript

70+ mini web projects using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.

[See all projects on CodePen](https://codepen.io/collection/DKLgmm?grid_type=grid&sort_by=item_created_at)

|  #  | Project                                                                                                                               | Live Demo                                                |
| :-: | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| 01  | [Expanding Cards](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/01-expanding%20cards)                             | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/qBaMWjE)  |
| 02  | [Progress Steps](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/02-progress%20steps)                               | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/VwKGzzg)  |
| 03  | [Rotating Navigation Animation](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/03-rotating%20navigation)           | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/jOMvZqY)  |
| 04  | [Hidden Search Widget](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/04-hidden%20search%20widget)                 | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/mdrzdPB)  |
| 05  | [Blurry Loading](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/05-blurry%20loading)                               | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/WNGaNgB)  |
| 06  | [Scroll Animation](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/06-scroll%20animation)                           | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/JjRmoWL)  |
| 07  | [Split Landing Page](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/07-split%20landing%20page)                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/KKgGdmY)  |
| 08  | [Form Wave](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/08-form%20wave%20animation)                             | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/Exgdegm)  |
| 09  | [Sound Board](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/09-sound%20board)                                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/oNzaPQa)  |
| 10  | [Dad Jokes](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/10-dad%20jokes)                                         | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/gOwBQZK)  |
| 11  | [Event Keycodes](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/11-event%20KeyCodes)                               | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/zYKmypd)  |
| 12  | [FAQ Collapse](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/12-FAQ%20collapse)                                   | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/ExgdqWm)  |
| 13  | [Random Choice Picker](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/13-random%20choice%20picker)                 | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/eYdQgqN)  |
| 14  | [Animated Navigation](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/14-animated%20navigation)                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/KKgrWGz)  |
| 15  | [Incrementing Counter](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/15-incrementing%20counter)                   | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/qBaQmeW)  |
| 16  | [Drink Water](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/16-drink%20water)                                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/yLaQoJy)  |
| 17  | [Movie App](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/17-movie%20app)                                         | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/mdrabXd)  |
| 18  | [Background Slider](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/18-background%20slider)                         | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/OJRrVbJ)  |
| 19  | [Theme Clock](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/19-theme%20clock)                                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/MWjZrZy)  |
| 20  | [Button Ripple Effect](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/20-button%20ripple%20effect)                 | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/oNzJdWw)  |
| 21  | [Drag N Drop](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/21-drag%20n%20drop)                                   | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/RwGEyme)  |
| 22  | [Drawing App](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/22-drawing%20app)                                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/wvzREMx)  |
| 23  | [Kinetic Loader](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/23-kinetic%20loader)                               | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/JjRwVLW)  |
| 24  | [Content Placeholder](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/24-content%20placeholder)                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/ExgGzaX)  |
| 25  | [Sticky Navbar](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/25-sticky%20navigation)                             | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/VwKqJmw/) |
| 26  | [Double Vertical Slider](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/26-double%20vertical%20slider)             | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/wvzNwqB)  |
| 27  | [Toast Notification](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/27-toast%20notification)                       | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/YzGBNgW)  |
| 28  | [GitHub Profiles](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/28-github%20profiles)                             | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/GRjzmVR)  |
| 29  | [Double Click Heart](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/29-double%20click%20heart)                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/XWjOaOK)  |
| 30  | [Auto Text Effect](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/30-auto%20text%20effect)                         | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/JjRxrbM)  |
| 31  | [Password Generator](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/31-password%20generator)                       | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/rNMRvWb)  |
| 32  | [Good Cheap Fast](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/32-good%20cheap%20fast)                           | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/QWKoxwP)  |
| 33  | [Notes App](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/33-notes%20app)                                         | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/qBavQog)  |
| 34  | [Animated Countdown](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/34-animated%20countdown)                       | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/vYXPbYW)  |
| 35  | [Image Carousel](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/35-image%20carousel)                               | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/zYKbQZK)  |
| 36  | [Hoverboard](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/36-hoverboard)                                         | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/OJRqYKK)  |
| 37  | [Pokedex](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/37-pokedex)                                               | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/gOwygyP)  |
| 38  | [Mobile Tab Navigation](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/38-mobile%20tab%20navigation)               | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/eYdoexM)  |
| 39  | [Password Strength Background](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/39-password%20strength%20background) | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/YzGMYzz)  |
| 40  | [3D Background Boxes](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/40-3d%20boxes%20background)                   | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/zYKXpBe)  |
| 41  | [Verify Account UI](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/41-verify%20account%20UI)                       | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/KKgYZWR)  |
| 42  | [Live User Filter](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/42-live%20user%20filter)                         | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/OJRGzjg)  |
| 43  | [Feedback UI Design](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/43-feedback%20UI%20design)                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/PoGgEOm)  |
| 44  | [Custom Range Slider](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/44-custom%20range%20slider)                   | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/WNGBrjZ)  |
| 45  | [Netflix Mobile Navigation](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/45-netflix%20mobile%20navigation)       | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/NWRVxgv)  |
| 46  | [Quiz App](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/46-quiz%20app)                                           | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/PoGvZEW)  |
| 47  | [Testimonial Box Switcher](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/47-testimonial%20box%20switcher)         | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/ExgzPRz)  |
| 48  | [Random Image Feed](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/48-random%20image%20generator)                  | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/eYdaJQx)  |
| 49  | [Todo List](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/49-todo%20list)                                         | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/eYdaJoo)  |
| 50  | [Insect Catch Game](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/50-insect%20catch%20game)                       | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/oNzRbKx)  |
| 51  | [Video Background](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/51-video%20background)                           | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/oNYNLwL)  |
| 52  | [Portfolio with CSS Grid](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/52-portfolio%20grid)                      | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/MWbKzzO)  |
| 53  | [Touch Slider](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/53-touch%20slider)                                   | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/QWGEyLK)  |
| 54  | [CSS Loaders](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/54-css%20loaders)                                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/QWGdgaZ)  |
| 55  | [Glass Dashboard](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/55-glass%20dashboard)                             | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/oNYpQMo)  |
| 56  | [Image Comparison Slider](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/56-image%20comparison%20slider)           | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/RwoMLYW)  |
| 57  | [Parallax Background with SVG](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/57-parallax%20background%20svg)      | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/vYyjjbz)  |
| 58  | [3D Product Card](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/58-3D%20product%20card)                           | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/wvoXWPq)  |
| 59  | [Form Validator](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/59-form%20validator)                               | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/MWbPJjb)  |
| 60  | [Movie Seat Booking](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/60-movie%20seat%20booking)                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/xxRQEOy)  |
| 61  | [Custom Video Player](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/61-custom%20video%20player)                   | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/mdOQadY)  |
| 62  | [Exchange Rate Calculator](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/62-exchange%20rate%20calculator)         | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/abBPJBG)  |
| 63  | [DOM Array Methods](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/63-DOM%20array%20methods)                       | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/NWbeXYR)  |
| 64  | [Menu Slider & Modal](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/64-menu%20slider%20modal)                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/MWbLeKd)  |
| 65  | [Hangman Game](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/65-hangman%20game)                                   | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/MWbLEYr)  |
| 66  | [Meal Finder](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/66-meal%20finder)                                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/dyOagYE)  |
| 67  | [Expense Tracker](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/67-expense%20tracker)                             | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/OJbqyro)  |
| 68  | [Music Player](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/68-music%20player)                                   | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/LYbaZNG)  |
| 69  | [Infinite Scroll Posts](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/69-infinite%20scroll%20posts)               | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/qBqvyEB)  |
| 70  | [Typing Game](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/70-typing%20game)                                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/wvoOQvq)  |
| 71  | [Speech Text Reader](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/71-speech%20text%20reader)                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/QWGPLVM)  |
| 72  | [Memory Cards](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/72-memory%20cards)                                   | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/oNYOqjv)  |
| 73  | [Lyrics Search App](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/73-lyrics%20search%20app)                       | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/ExNzPKV)  |
| 74  | [Relaxer App](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/74-relaxer%20app)                                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/wvobMzE)  |
| 75  | [Breakout Game](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/75-breakout%20game)                                 | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/oNYrNKj)  |
| 76  | [New Year Countdown](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/76-new%20year%20countdown)                     | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/rNWEaBb)  |
| 77  | [Sortable List](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/77-sortable%20list)                                 | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/qBqzEdO)  |
| 78  | [Speak Number Guessing Game](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/78-speak%20number%20guessing%20game)   | [Live Demo](https://codepen.io/solygambas/full/jOVjEre)  |
| 79  | [Creative Agency Website](https://github.com/solygambas/html-css-fifty-projects/tree/master/79-creative%20agency%20website)           | [Live Demo](#)                                           |

This repository is mostly based on 2 courses by Brad Traversy (2020):

- [50 Projects In 50 Days - HTML, CSS & JavaScript](https://www.udemy.com/course/50-projects-50-days/)
- [20 Web Projects With Vanilla JavaScript](https://www.udemy.com/course/web-projects-with-vanilla-javascript/)

The other projects are adapted from various YouTube channels:

- Brad Traversy - [Traversy Media](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC29ju8bIPH5as8OGnQzwJyA)
- Shaun Pelling - [The Net Ninja](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCW5YeuERMmlnqo4oq8vwUpg)
- Simo Edwin - [Dev Ed](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClb90NQQcskPUGDIXsQEz5Q)
- Gary Simon - [DesignCourse](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVyRiMvfUNMA1UPlDPzG5Ow)
